For my final project, I plan on designing and creating an audio visualizer. The visualizer would produce distinct visuals that match the rhythm of the of the music that is inputed to the software. The audio would be the input and the visualizer would read its frequencies and display visuals that track the beat of the music. These days, in various popular concerts like Lollapalooza, Coachella, and Tomorrowland, the visuals in the background often improve the artist's performance by adding a visual element to the performance. Artists like Odesza are praised for their graphical excellence in their concerts in addition to their great music. I plan on using the FFT library to create this visualizer. This library will enable me to create empirical data from the audio such as audio frequencies. Using the frequencies, I will be able to translate that data using an algorithm that I will devise to a measure of graphics. Then, I will use the open frameworks software to edit the graphics to match the beat and rhythm of the audio. The final output images and graphics will be edited based on the empirical data provided by the visualizer's translating algorithm. In addition to this main implementation, I plan on adding different controls for the user to add their own special effects to enhance the visuals. For example, if a user anticipates a bass drop coming up in the song, the user can input a Pulse command and enhance the visual experience by adding a pulse graphic. Such graphic detail can add great effect to a musical performance. The purpose of this is to create graphical system that can act as a visual element to any source of audio. 
